## Supervisor meeting 01/05/20

### Questions

* We should highlight SimGNN in the report and expand on it 
* We can leave the methods that we don't use as short descriptions
* A lot of the feedback is simply confussions
* The storyline is a bit missing
* The "røde tråd" is missing
* Remember to mention the performance improvements we did in the appendix or the main report depending on the storyline

* The experiment setup section has a bit of ambiguity that should be expanded on.
  * Do we take an existing node or do we take a pair and see if there is an edge between them?
  * Right now the experiments setup is a bit confusing to read though
  * Should be made more precise and have results added to it 
* 

### AOB

Next meeting on wednesday morning 10:00 am
